so I'm going to give a oils hands hip
and lesson learned holy shit alright so
if you got those seven chicks or some
pity it's on the left firing you just
take that part off and the will filters
there and the plug is right meal okay so
I took the fairing off and did the plug
drain it everything was cool right so I
go to take the filter off and whoever
put this on the last time this is the
first time I've changed it since I got
it
whoever put this damn thing on decided
to be like fucking Superman so I try to
use you know the good old fashioned belt
and after I don't know 30 minutes of
yanking on this and like tearing my
hands apart that didn't work so I
figured okay well maybe it's the stuff
that's made of I'll go get a leather
belt which I promptly fucking broke so
there goes that bill I liked it no well
so I went down to two cycle gear right
and I bought a adjustable wrench for it
so I put it on and the only part that
would touch the filter is this because
the filter I can pull it out of here as
a as a 17 millimeter socket at the end
of it so it wouldn't go on right so I go
down to autozone they're like oh yeah if
you can't get it off you know just
hammer a flathead into it and pry it out
I'm like cool I got a flathead I got a
hammer let's fucking get it done right
so I proceeded to take a flathead to
this motherfucker let's see if you can
see the damage you can see all that and
yeah it didn't do shit besides like
really fuck it up
so I'm sitting here thinking fuck I'm
gonna have to put this on the back of
somebody's truck and take it down to the
shop and have them like I don't know use
a fucking welder on it or something
goddamn so like you know what fuck it
I'm gonna go down one more time I saw
one I saw one more wrench that might
work right so I go down there and I get
this motherfucker right here and I put
it on the first time and yanked on it
nothing I was like this is this is good
news you know wasted like so much money
on fucking filter wrenches today and
then I was like you know what now I gave
it one more squeeze the shit out of it
and turn and then fucking bitch move now
like
might as well of sang in church it was
it was amazing feeling so I got it all
good to go
alright so now on to the change of oil
part right so obviously you drain it
first take the oil filter off and then
you want to put the new filter on before
you put the new filter on you want to
check to make sure that the ring inside
is in place if it's not take the old one
out and put it in that one and then take
some Lube and put it just around the
seals of the new one so that way it
doesn't like fuse itself on there once
you put that on put the plug back in and
then start putting oil and you put the
oil in over Jameel alright and then once
that's in you start putting oil and I
usually put about three quarts in a
little over three quarters and I start
looking in the window once it's a little
over half and the bikes even I know it's
good to go so then I will turn the bike
on for like three to five minutes and
let it run then turn it off check the
oil again and if it's in the same place
it's good if I need to add more I'll add
more lesson learned when I do it now I
want to just hand tighten the oil filter
just like you do on the car because like
I said whoever put this damn thing on
holy shit they were going for like a
world record or something but I'm happy
now it's off I want to ride it a little
bit tonight take that back the cycle
gear and get my money back because I
think didn't work at all they're great
guys don't get me wrong like cycle gear
has helped me out a lot in the past
especially like with this camera I still
think that they gave me a hook-up but uh
yeah that's my lessons learned there's a
little tip one will change let me know
if you have any questions take care guys
no squids